---
title: "Data-driven Business Intelligence Support"
collection: projects
permalink: /projects/2018-2019-project2
participants: Jing Liao, Zitong Chen, Jiawei Zhou, Hanjia Zheng, Chunlei Chai*
date: 2018-08-20
---

Data analysis and visualization is playing an increasingly important role in business decision-making. This project aims to provide a computational tool, including automatic information extraction, summarization and visualization to support  business judgement. We consider both technological aspects and human aspects to provide reliable and user-friendly interaction. We will study text analysis in Natural Language Processing (NLP), the model of stakeholders (companies, designers, users) in Human-Computer Interaction.

## Oppotunities and Challenges
Algorithms can reveal underlying patterns of customers' demograpics, accustoms and behaviors free of subjective bias. Visulization techniques can deliver rich and instant computational results for growing new knowledge of the market. However, designing these computational supports for daily business activities is very challenging. Business decision-making involves perhaps the most complicated forms of intelligence e.g., holistic understanding, reasoning, planning, creativity, critical thinking and problem solving. Apart from effectiveness and ease-of-use of the computational tools, bridging psycological and cognitive gaps between traditional sense-making and computer-aided decision-making require to be examined in practical usage.

## Overview
The project includes NLP and HCI practice:
* [x] Survey: Understand user needs and requirements, define problems to be solved
* [x] Design: Set Aim, Method, Plan, and Limitation to solve problems
* [x] Research: Investigate technical solutions to problems, design system prototypes
* [ ] Implementation and Evaluation: work our system to meet practical user requirements, system and user evaluation study
* [ ] Summary: Analyse own design activity, iterations and looking-back

## Video
<video height=640 width=480 src="/images/intelligent-design.mp4" controls="controls"></video>
