---
title:      "A framework of artificial intelligence augmented design support."
collection: publications
permalink:  /publication/2020-04-30-paper3
excerpt:   'This paper propose a new framework of computational support for design activities.'
date:       2020-04-30
venue:      Human-Computer Interaction
paperurl:  'https://doi.org/10.1080/07370024.2020.1733576'
citation:  'Jing Liao, Preben Hansen & Chunlei Chai (2020) "A framework of artificial intelligence augmented design support", <i>Human–Computer Interaction</i>, DOI: 10.1080/07370024.2020.1733576.'
---

This paper propose a new framework of computational support for design activities.

[Download](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/07370024.2020.1733576)

## Abstract
Recent advances in Artificial Intelligence raise interest in its participation in design activity, 
which is commonly considered to be complex and human-dominated. 
In this work, we aim to examine AI roles in early design stages. 
The human ideation components and design tools related to AI are discussed in a framework of AI-augmented design support. 
The framework develops a hierarchy of design cognition (basis), approaches and principles. 
The cognitive models are constructed in an empirical study of 30 designers (26 for analysis, 4 for pilot study) 
by concurrent Think-Aloud protocol and behavior analysis. The process of producing new design ideas is explained 
by a transparent analysis of designers’ language and behaviors. Three strategies to organize cognitive activities 
in design ideation are summarized: develop structured consideration, relate to a scenario, and stick-to designing. 
These strategies suggest AI could act as (1) representation creation, (2) empathy trigger and (3) engagement, 
in principles of “knowledge-driven” and “decompose-and-integrate”. 
The design support with AI provides new perspectives on computer-based design tools that limit to well-defined design variables. 
The framework is built on a generic notion of design activity and “mimic” human design rationales, 
expected to benefit research of domain-independent computational design supports and cognitive supports.
